Little bit about the Web Audio API itself,
what it is, how it sort of works.
I like to think of it as if you're
a somebody had a switchboard maybe,.
And you've got all these wires and
you're taking them from one place and
you're putting them into another place.
All of a sudden you have to
change the signal, unplug it and
plug it in somewhere else.
You're basically just rerouting
the signal from one source to another.
And with Web Audio it's kind of similar.
We're given these little
nodes that are kind of like
Lego building blocks for audio.
It might be something like a microphone
node which is an audio node and
that's going to give us
the signal from our microphone.
And then we're gonna have maybe
a speaker like a destination node so
that's the output.
And by just wiring those
two things together,
we can go from a microphone to
a speaker and basically have it so
that anything we put through
the microphone is emitted by the speaker.
Or instead of using
a microphone as a source,
we can use an MP3 file or a WAV file or
some sort of media asset basically.
Here's a little bit more of
a complicated graph here.
This would be taking your MP3 file,
wiring it through an effect,
like maybe a delay, or
some sort of distortion or reverb.
And then continuing along and
wiring that through to the speaker so
that we have some sort of effect.
Or a typical thing that we do
when we're visualizing audio,
is that we split it up like this
where we are analyzing the MP3 file.
And at the same time, we're also
giving the MP3 file some effects and
then outputting that to the speaker.
And just the other way around is totally
possible as well where you have many
things directed into a single node.
So a good example of this is when you have
lots of layered sounds to create a really
rich and dynamic atmosphere, but
then you wanna have one master node.
Something that is able to control the gain
and control the volume for all of those
things that you're putting into it and
so that's how that might look here.